{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Shortest Route:\ulnone \
take spell book\
go north\
examine fruit trees\
take apple\
give apple to Hermit\
talk to Hermit\
ask Hermit about bridge\
go west\
say pontem reficere\
go north\
talk to official\
examine information board\
go west\
examine big mural\
examine colorful mural\
go west\
talk to large man\
say ignus illuminas\
take silly box\
open silly box\
read paper\
go west\
go west\
talk to official\
go east\
say magnus ventus\
open festive box\
take glass key\
go west\
talk to official\
say magnus ignus\
unlock glass door with glass key\
go north\
say magnus illuminas\
say ventus illumines\
say ignus vents\
get on podium\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 {\listtext	\'95	}How well does the game accomplish what you set out to do?\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 This game sort of accomplished what I initially wanted to do. I wanted to make a fun game that was not too serious. I also wanted the player to be able to cast spells and figure out how to make their own spells. One of the only things I was not able to accomplish was adding a combat element to the game. I felt like it would subtract from the overall gameplay so I removed this element.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Discuss a time when you got stuck, and how you got unstuck.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 One time I got stuck was when I tried to prevent the player from taking the silly box. I wanted the player to be able to only take the box if the large man was distracted. I tried to accomplish this using instead statements, but I couldn't get it to work. So, I recalled looking at the Armed extension by David Ratliff. I saw how it used variables and adapted that code so it would fit with my game. So I used variables to determine if the player could or couldn't take the box.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Describe each of the required three puzzles in your game and how to solve each puzzle.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 	The first puzzle is to fix the bridge. The bridge to the town is broken and the player needs to fix it. This requires the player to find the apple in the fruit trees. The player then has to navigate a dialog tree in order to learn the spell to fix the bridge.\
	The second puzzle has three parts. Basically the player must complete small tasks in order to enter the stadium. First the player must distract the large man in order to take the silly box. The player learns the spell to distract the man by reading the information board. The player gets the idea to distract the man by examining the colorful mural. Second the player must get the box off the top of the statue. The player is supposed to create a spell by combining two words they learned earlier. In the silly box is the word magnus the first part of the spell. On the big mural is the word vents the second part of the spell. Casting each spell individually hints towards their meaning. So the player needs to cast magnus ventus in the Mage District. The last part of the puzzle is melting the glass door's lock. The player must use the spell magnus ignus. \
	The third puzzle is getting on the podium. The player wants to get on the podium to win the competition. When the player first tries to get on the podium he is knocked down. This hints that they player needs to distract the competition. The player needs to create a new spell to accomplish this. The spell is magnus illuminas. After the player finds they cannot reach the podium and hints towards being lighter. The player then needs to make the spell vents illuminas. Lastly the player needs to get higher in the air so they need to make one last spell ignus ventus. By casting all three spells in order the player can them reach the top of the podium.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Discuss the gameplay mechanics in your game and how they improve the user's experience.\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 There is the failure mechanic in my game. There is no penalty for casting the wrong spell or doing the wrong action. If the wrong action is used there is more likely to be a hint than a penalty. Unfortunately, my game is mostly linear. There is a set way to finish, which isn't the best. There are also different types of puzzles. There is a person/dialog puzzle. You have to make inferences about the hermit in order to be able to talk to him. After you need to navigate a dialog tree in order to get the spell. There are also combining puzzles. The player needs to be able to create new spells based on what they need.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Discuss the beta testing process: Who tested your game?\'a0\cf4 \cb1 How did their feedback affect your game?\'a0\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 	Dylan was the first person to beta test my game. He had some trouble in the early parts of my game on the first and second puzzles. His feedback helped me emphasize what was important in the game. When Dylan played my game he completely ignored the Memorial. So, I added a hint to show how it was important to go to the memorial. He also had trouble finding the second puzzle so I made it so the player is guided more.\
	Justin was the second person to test my game. He had trouble on the third puzzle. He didn't understand how I wanted the player to mix words to create new spells. So I tried to explain this better in the early parts of the game. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls6\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}Whose game did you beta test?\'a0\cf4 \cb1 What feedback were you able to give?\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 I beta tested Dylan and Justin's games. I told Dylan how I thought certain parts of his game were confusing. There were so many different pieces of the projector and so many different keys. It was hard to keep track of all the items. There was also a large number of rooms. I had difficulty remembering which rooms I had visited.  \
I may have helped Justin with the clarity of some parts of his game. In some areas of the game the text seemed to imply one thing, but meant another. For example when you enter the computer science room certain dialog is supposed to appear. However, I didn't see it so I was confused about what I was supposed to do.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls7\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}What are you most proud of?\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 I was most proud of figuring out how to use variables. The variables helped me a lot with different puzzles when instead statements wouldn't work. Variables are a little more difficult than instead statements so I felt accomplished when I figured them out. Lastly I found the variables gave me a little more freedom in my coding.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400
\ls8\ilvl0\cf2 {\listtext	\'95	}What would you do differently next time?\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl400
\cf2 Next time I would add more variety to my game. My game is pretty linear, and it has only one way to win. I would add make it so based on the player's use of their spells there would be multiple ways to win. Also, I would add more variety to the puzzles. Almost all the puzzles involve using a spell to achieve your goal. The challenge is supposed to be discovering the correct spell to use, but this could become boring.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
}